I learned a lot about web design and the complexity that it involves. I had no idea what I was signing myself up for but was pleasantly surprised by the results. There is still a lot of room to improve with design and other elements but I am happy with my first web design class. I think I can learn more and add onto my knowledge. I felt pretty comfortable with Github by the end of the semester. It was a little overwhelming at first, but the walk through videos were very very helpful. I'm not sure that I would have been that successful without them. I remember for the firs assignment I didn't even see the video, so I tried to follow the book for the first one. Once I went back, I realized I had done it completely wrong, and had to go through and redo it with the help and guidance from the videos.
Everything I learned was new since this was my first web design course and I had no previous information about web design. I gained a lot of insight about the time and effort that goes into build and designing a website from scratch and have a new found appreciation for those who do it. There are a lot of elements that people have to memorize and familiarize themselves with. I felt very fulfilled and was glad that I was able to take it all in and apply it to a live website.
For this assignment I pulled from a lot of my past assignment which was very helpful. I think I would have been a little overwhelmed and confused if I had done it from scratch. It also helped me safe time. So I copied the things I liked and edited it from there. I still spent a long time with the assignment, finding new images and pictures to represent my website. I also had to add a completely new page which I struggled with for awhile to sync everything up. Once I narrowed everything down it was fairly easy to add, subtract, and polish the final product. I'm pretty happy with it, but still think there is room to improve. I struggled with the design aspect, but got the main idea down. 
