The universal selector is used for styling every element on the page. An element selector is used to select all elements of a specific type. A class selector is used to select an element that uses the same function. An ID selector defines style rule which is similar to the class selector. All of these selectors have different looks and can help organize and style each website individually with its own unique flare. I would use the universal more for basic information with subcategories or even for recipes. I would probably use the element for more of a news article or something to grab the readers attention. The class would be a great way to format information that all belongs together. ID would be great to draw attention towards the end of a website or article.
I chose a bright and vibrant color palette because I chose the 90's. which was filled with vibrant neon colors. I chose the colors of pink, green, yellow, and blue (#FF377B;#7DE522;#FBE608;#3AB1FC;) I wanted to keep the opacity bright to create that feeling and colors of the 90's.
I was a little confused by the instructions. I couldn't quite remember how to move around the boxes and make it look like a website. I was mostly confused by the opacity. I wanted my colors to be vibrant, but when I added in that opacity element, it made them dull. I was going to delete it all together but the assignment mentioned that we had to have that in our css. There were just a lot of confusing steps where you could easily go wrong. I think I was a bit overwhelmed. I think that I included all of the requirements, but it is hard to tell. 
